# Chinese-Twitter-Propaganda
Utilizing coordination analysis – guided by predictions derived from principal-agent theory as applied to political astroturfing networks on Twitter – I investigate the Chinese government's propaganda tactics on Twitter.

In this research, I analyze the Chinese Communist Party's (CCP) Twitter presence with regards to the George Floyd and Black Lives Matter protests in the United States and the concurrent attempts by the CCP to prematurely incorporate Hong Kong into the Chinese system that have been rebuked by changes in US foreign policy. Unlike most research into the CCP’s Twitter presence, my focus is on the behavior of official CCP-affiliated accounts, in order to potentially understand some of the internal structure of CCP online diplomacy and external propaganda. My findings show that the CCP’s online diplomats are not merely officials attempting to achieve personal benefits for their careers with the appearance of prolific but what is ultimately incompetent propaganda. Rather, they are part of a complex, two-pronged, centrally coordinated propaganda structure made up of, on one side, a network of "white propaganda" entities, and on the other side a network of astroturfing accounts. Transparently CCP-affiliated accounts take the lead in the CCP’s Twitter propaganda campaign, molding narratives to current political events as it fits the CCP’s policy objectives, while astroturfing networks create the false appearance of the sincere popularity of these narratives.

In order to investigate the complete breadth of the CCP’s messaging on Twitter that took rhetorical advantage of the George Floyd and Black Lives Matter protests in the US, I analyze a collection of tweets and users drawn using the Twitter Developer API and analyzed in R. Given the limitations of the Twitter Developer API, I collect all tweets from between March 31, 2019 and November 25, 2020 from 260 accounts known to belong to CCP officials and state-affiliated media. I translate all tweets and hashtags written in Chinese into English using the Google Cloud API. After filtering the tweets using a set of keywords (leaving me with 3,061 tweets from 132 unique accounts), I use the Twitter Developer API to collect information about up to 100 random retweets of each tweet from my dataset, leaving me with a collection of 20,141 retweets. For the analysis, I utilize a combination of R and Gephi for creating and analyzing retweet networks. My analysis also involves image analysis and sentiment analysis using R. More specific methods are described in the paper where applicable.

Running this code requires access to the Twitter Developer API and Google Cloud API.
